well howdy there internet people it's
both gone so tonight we're going to talk
to the guard and the active-duty some of
you already out assumed he may be going
out soon and you're probably pretty
conflicted about it makes sense I didn't
understand it at all and I understand
why these politicians wanted you to be
honest it didn't make any sense we're
not quite at that level yet it's not
really what you guys do then I'm
scrolling Twitter and looking at footage
from the different events I see this
captain and the people in the street are
talking to him and this woman's talking
to him and she's like you know March
with us you know walk with us show us
that you're with us keep us safe keep us
safe remember that line and he's telling
her he's like I can't
and for those if you've seen the clip
understand he literally can't he can't
leave that area
he offered to walk the area that he
could with her but she can tell that he
he's he's kind of connecting with her
and she's getting excited eventually has
to put his hand on his rifle to move it
out of his way so he could take Annie
with him along with two other soldiers
and the politicians I'm sure they were
shocked by that because that was the
moment it clicked for me that was the
moment it all made sense why they wanted
you because they don't understand you
they don't know you they have this image
of you compare the image of those three
soldiers kneeling in the street to those
tweets
those tweets talking about your big
rifle yet Senator Tom cotton over there
indicating the tenth mountains gonna
open up on American civilians because
they don't understand you they don't
understand the pride you take in your
unit legacy or the fact that you
understand that the people from your
unit who fell overseas did not do that
so their unit could come home and open
up on Americans that would seem like a
pretty large betrayal but they don't get
that see they see the dumb brute they
want you to give them Kent State that's
what they want because it's gonna give
them a bump in the polls they want you
to drop a bunch of Americans so they can
go up a few points you can read it in
their tweets because they don't
understand you you're dumb brutes yours
is not to reason why because that's the
image they have of the military they
don't understand the modern military the
US military today is the greatest
fighting force the world has ever seen
and you're part of that and the reason
it's the greatest fighting force is
because it's highly trained well
disciplined and its soldiers do reason
they send you to class to learn how to
reason to eat a loop observe orient
write you've already done that you have
already done that you've observed what's
actually sparking the unrest of these
things right you know an overreaction
and you've oriented you know that this
is an Iraq this isn't a battle space
this is your neighborhood these people
they're not opposition they're the
people you signed a contract to protect
but they don't understand that because
most these politicians sending out these
tweets these tough-guy tweets they've
never served anything other than
themselves
they're counting on you to be their tool
to get them a few points so they can run
on a law-and-order ticket in the process
they have handed you the most difficult
tasks in the profession of arms policing
your own people you may not want to do
it you probably don't but you're a
professional and therefore you want to
win the funny part about it is because
you're a professional you know how you
have to win it
they're over there tweeting about your
tools the tools of your trade your rifle
and you know you can't touch it because
you can't win it's not how you win this
fight see to them you and that rifle
you're interchangeable to you the rifles
a tool you're the weapon a walking
talking breathing thinking reasoning
weapon and they don't understand your
reasons
said keep us safe
she said that keep us safe yeah sound
like people bent on destruction to me
but I'm sure you have already observed
what's sparking most of the unrest each
night an overreaction by people who
aren't trained who aren't disciplined
who don't reason so in a weird way your
presence may actually accomplish that
the law enforcement / reaction is what's
causing the unrest you don't have to
pretend you're a tough guy you're part
of the greatest fighting force the world
has ever seen you can show restraint and
go home with your head held high because
it's not about ego for you because they
don't know your reasons while all of
this is a really horrible situation for
you guys to be put in I do have to point
something out you're being handed an
opportunity to do something that most
American warriors never get a chance to
do protect American freedom for real not
just as a slogan I mean I spent years
trying to figure out how American
freedom was in central Africa or Iraq it
is on these streets and you if you use
that training and that reason and that
discipline can truly protect American
freedom you can give them their ability
to use their right to speak their right
to assemble their right to ask for a
redress of grievances you can protect
their due process you can truly protect
American freedom it's not what they want
you to do it's not why they're sending
you out they're sending you out peace
your dumb bloodthirsty
Roots because they don't know you all
they know is how to use you you can win
this it's funny it's going to be the
quietest and most important deployment
of your career you want to win this keep
your weapon on safe and you make sure
that when you're out there you show the
politicians that you're there for the
American people
that's who you're loyal to make sure you
act in a manner befitting who you are
not who they want you to be anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night